another beautiful morning inside the
seer a tint yesterday we did the Dec got
it all peeled down and then put peanut
butter around the edges solid is a rock
really really happy with it um I slept
like a baby last night I'm sore this
morning moving around like that keeping
your back bent down because I can't
stand up in here because I got the tent
over me really kind of takes a number on
your back but today we're going to tap
in the the deck to the hull and if I
have any time left over I'm going to
foam that's the kind of the next thing
in line because I don't want to glass
the deck and then drill through that
glass I want to go ahead and foam it put
the plugs back in it we're going to cut
up no hole saw hole probably two inches
wide or you know in front and back of
each compartment to pour in all our
stuff so right now I wanted to show you
something that I've kind of forgotten to
tell you about is the drain hole in the
ski Locker what I wanted to do is I
wanted to drain it into the keel which I
have a channel that runs all the way up
the front and it runs underneath here
etc it has nice big two-inch u-shaped
channels so nothing can get caught we
need to let the water out of here
and so what I did is I just drilled a
hole right there with a one-inch how a
bit and I'm going to put in this which
is basically just a transom plug it just
slips right down in here and then that
way we can put in a what do you call it
a plug if we want to to keep water from
draining out if by chance let's say we
took on water or something like that I
didn't want water to be backing up into
here
we can put the plug in it keep that from
happening so it all seems to be pretty
good you know I'd like to have gone in
the back of it but that'd put it right
in the gas tank compartment and I don't
want really water just hanging out in
here although I'm going to go to Home
Depot and get some of those plastic
garage floor rubber mats and I'm going
to cut strips and I'm going to glue them
in with 30 50 200 and then glue the tank
to them also to keep them from you know
sitting on the bottom just those
neoprene strips just kind of scared me
because they absorb water and gas
and they just were nasty so I'm not
going to reuse them so I'm going to glue
this guy in and we'll be done with that
and then I'll start cutting strips for
the tabbing here in a second
all right well had made it very far as
far as tabbing in the deck yet because
as I was kind of sweeping and starting
to cut some of the 1708 I noticed I've
got some bare spots and might fill it
all the way around there's some holes
some spots that are not quite rounded
very well it shows you just how
ridiculously anal I am all the seams I
went over with my belt sander and
completely flatten them out so that way
if there was you know something that was
they kind of went up or something like
that or they just weren't quite even I
leveled them out completely so they have
a nice you don't even feel anything
whatsoever between them so that way when
the floor is all finished for the deck
is all finished you don't see a
transition also took my belt sander
rounded off all the edges that we're
going to be going over with fiberglass
same thing here did this on the back
because we're going to go down with
fiberglass there so my thought was of
course we're going to do two layers of
1708 going up for the tapping that's
that's a given
but I was thinking about doing a layer
of 1708 across the deck and then
finishing with a layer of 1.5 Alex
chopped Strange's for a nice finish I'm
kind of torn I really don't know what I
want to do if that's too much or if I
should just do two layers of chop strain
on it I've got enough for it to do
either so I got to make that decision
before I decide to put the stuff over
the deck but for right now I'm gonna
turn this fan back on get some comfort
in here and start cutting all my tabbing
what I'm doing is a four in an eight
inch strips that means that the four
inch will be basically 2 inches on
either side and then eighth inch will be
four inches on either side over lapping
I'm just going to start cutting all the
way around and I'm going to overlap
about yay far on each one of the deal so
that will be nice and strong and then
we'll start glassing that in main I tell
you it's getting warm quick here today
but that's what I get for buying a
rotten boat right
well as you can see I've got the tabbing
done in upon second thought we're going
to use one layer of 1708 on the tabbing
it's just two layers it's going to be
too much it's going to create too much
the lip also when you get down there
these boats are never ever an exact
science you got to kind of roll with
punches and make adjustments as you go
17:08 is very very strong
and thanks to wood on wood on glass on a
boat she's helped me out with you know
getting this stuff figured out so what
we're going to do is we're going to do
two a one layer of 1708 then two layers
of chops trained on the deck and it's
going to wrap up over in 1708 to give us
a nice smooth finish so I'm going to go
ahead this is done it's wiped down with
acetone all right everything's tabbed in
100% no air bubbles came out beautiful I
even tabbed around to the engine bay all
the way around this backside came out
really nice it's the easiest class and
job I've done so far that was just a
piece of cake so now it's foaming time
guys I got to run to Lowe's and get me
several we call them mixing buckets and
some more mixing sticks and all that
kind of stuff and I'll show you how I do
it
I've already kind of planned we're going
to do how we're going to do our holes so
that way I can get a good you know as
far as all the to fill all the voids so
we'll talk about that when I get back
we'll try to get that done today like I
said it's it's done I'm happy